Previously on
"YuGiOh Arc‐V..."
It's Yuya Sakaki versus
Sylvio Sawatari
in a duel
destined to dazzle!
For all of the defeats
and disrespect,
now I will finally
settle the score.
Let's duel!
Since my Yosenju
dealt you damage,
Kama 3's special ability
lets me draw another Yosenju!
And the one I'm adding
may surprise you.
It's a Pendulum Monster!
Yosenju Shinchu L!
A Pendulum Monster?
But how?
Yosenju Shinchu R is
the perfect addition
to help me subtract you
from this duel.
Another
Pendulum Monster.
That's two!
Behold!
I give you
Mayosenju Daibak!
(Nico Smiley)
Simply sensational!
Sylvio has performed
a perfect Pendulum Summon!
Mr. President,
the summoning was
a success.
First, three cards
return to your hand.
And after that,
they return to your deck,
where you'll have a hard time
drawing them again.
Guess without
your Pendulum cards,
you're not the duel‐tainer
that you thought you were.
True,
those cards are gone.
But there are other cards
still out there.
Time for my biggest
production yet!
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me, competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day (C'mon)
you wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Welcome back,
duel fans!
And now let me
get you back up to speed!
Sylvio Sawatari has
shocked us all
by so far beating
Yuya at his own game
and Pendulum Summoning his way
into the spotlight!
Plus, he's used a powerful pair
of Pendulum cards
to seal
Yuya's own Pendulums
deep down in his deck!
Yuya has zero cards
in his hand.
Does he have zero chance
at running away with this duel?
If Yuya gets beat
in this match...
He's washed up!
For sure.
Sylvio will be
the new next big thing!
Yuya, you can do this!
That's right! Show this crowd
what you're made of!
Just remember...
(both)
You're a star!
Oh, Yuya.
I know why you're running.
You're looking for
an Action Card.
But before you find it,
my monsters
will find you!
I summon Yosenju Kama 1!
And then I'll bring out
his brother, Yosenju Kama 2!
But this brotherhood's not
complete without Yosenju Kama 3!
And then
the power of my spell
Yosen Training Grounds
comes into play!
Which means, since these three
samurai spirits were summoned,
three candles light up!
And it means that while
you've been running around,
I've set myself up
to win this!
And there's no running
from that, Yuya!
Come on...
(thinking)
You think your
running around is
going to distract me
from remembering
you have two other
cards on your field?
Well, think again,
because I've got them
in my sights,
and I'm gonna
take care of them
before you can
use them!
I activate Yosenju Shinchu R's
Pendulum ability!
Since there's
another Yosenju monster
in the opposite
Pendulum Zone,
the Pendulum Scale
rises to 11!
Now I can summon monsters
from Levels 4 through 10,
simultaneously!
(shouts, cheers)
Monster emerge!
So rise once again,
Mayosenju Daibak!
(roaring)
And with
Daibak's return,
another candle is lit!
Yuya... You gotta
do something quick!
As you may recall, Daibak has
a very special ability.
Daiback, blast Yuya's
two facedowns back to his hand.
And now...
my Dizzying Winds trap
sends those cards
back to your deck.
You've got
no cards on your field,
no cards in your hand,
and no chances
of winning this duel!
You might as well just
keep on running, Yuya.
All the way home!
Because you're finished!
Actually, I'm just
getting started!
'Cause of this!
By doing me the favor
of returning Amnesia to my deck,
it now activates,
so thanks!
No way!
Your monsters now have
a slight case of Amnesia
and don't know
they're Yosenjus anymore.
Oh, no.
If they don't know
they're Yosenjus...
Then they're not welcome in
their village home anymore.
So if your Yosenjus
return to your hand,
Dizzying Winds will
send them flying back
into your deck
instead!
(growling)
Clever move.
Thanks!
Guess this duel's
gonna last longer
than you thought, huh?
Nope! 'Cause
Dizzying Wind's effect
doesn't activate until
the turn's over!
So that means
all I have to do
is beat you before then!
Which I will!
Daibak!
Attack Yuya directly!
Everyone else,
follow its lead!
(Smiley)
Oh, my!
Sylvio's
heading for Yuya
with all his monsters!
I don't
wanna look!
Perfect.
This is it, Yuya!
(roaring)
(both)
Yuya, no!
Yuya!
Oh, no!
Can't be...
Yuya.
(chuckling)
Showtime is
officially over!
(snap)
Actually,
I'd say showtime's
going into overtime!
Look!
It's Yuya!
Sure is!
He's okay!
(laughing)
He's back!
(all)
Yeah, Yuya!
No way! How'd you survive
that onslaught?
(laughing)
I'll tell you how.
By using the Action Card
I found a couple minutes ago.
A couple minutes ago?
So Yuya knew about it
this whole time?
Of course.
He found it earlier
but didn't say anything
so Sylvio would attack.
Then Yuya could grab it
at the last second
and spring it on him!
I give you the Action Spell
Big Escape!
It got me out
without a scrape!
(whimpering)
All right! That move
was duel‐tacular!
Take a bow!
(cheering)
Cut that out!
I'm the star duelist
around here, not you!
If you're a star,
then it's the falling kind!
We'll just see, Yuya.
There's a lot more
dueling left.
I activate Yosen
Training Grounds's effect!
By putting out
three candles,
I can add one Yosenju
in my deck to my hand!
I add Yosenju Kama 3,
then end my turn.
And that means
all your monsters
now go bye‐bye!
(growling)
And now Yosen Whirlwind
is gone, too,
'cause, without
Yosenju monsters,
I'm not allowed to keep it
around.
Next, Yosenju Shinchu R's
Scale drops back down to 5.
And don't you dare forget,
duel fans!
Due to
Dizzying Wind's effect,
Sylvio's monsters go
to his deck, not his hand!
Time for you
to get a taste
of your own
medicine!
(chuckling)
Oh, Yuya, in the end,
that move is going
to be bittersweet.
'Cause it's going
to end up leaving
a bad taste
in your mouth!
Oh, I don't know
about that.
Winning tastes great!
Time for me to shine
in the spotlight!
I draw‐‐ Yes!
Since neither of us has
any monsters on the field,
by lowering this guy's
level by one, I play...
Performapal
Drummerilla!
Here we go!
Drummerilla,
attack Sylvio directly!
Bring it, Yuya,
but you're barking up
the wrong tree!
By discarding
one Yosenju,
I can summon Yosenju Oyam
to intercept
your attack!
Which means not only
do I get to light a candle,
but your dumb drum is
gonna get pounded
'cause Yosenju Oyam
gets the same number
of attack points as him!
No problem. Drummerilla's
special ability activates!
It gives him
600 extra attack points
to give your monster
a percussion concussion!
(Nico Smiley)
Oh, my!
Drummerilla just pounded
Sylvio's life points
like they were
a pair of rented bongos!
Now, since
the battle is over,
Drummerilla's points
go back to normal.
All right!
Yuya sure is on a roll now!
Yeah. I bet
he's gonna find a way
to Pendulum Summon
and really put
the pressure on!
And now
I'll end my turn!
Huh? So much
for the roll!
What a letdown.
I was hoping
he'd Pendulum Summon!
Now, now,
don't worry!
Yuya may have
let you down,
But I promise you
that I won't!
I draw!
First, I'll extinguish
three candles.
And once again bring Daibak
from my deck to my hand!
If this crowd wants
excitement,
some may well
be on its way!
Get ready!
He's gonna do it!
He's gonna
Pendulum Summon!
(crowd)
Pendulum! Pendulum!
Pendulum!
Yeah, that's right!
Let's hear it!
Never mind Yuya.
The true star... is me!
And right now
my Pendulum Scale's range
is 3 to 5!
Which means that
I'm allowed to summon
Level 4 monsters!
So Sylvio's not gonna raise
the scale like before?
Then that means
he can't summon Daibak!
I Pendulum Summon!
Welcome back
Yosenju Kama 1!
And Kama 3!
And these two
samurai brothers
are really gonna light
a fire under you!
Next, I activate
Kama 1's special ability!
To take out
Drummerilla!
I gotta find another...
Action Card!
You can run, but running
won't save your Drummerilla!
It's about to go
Ape‐stinct!
I activate
the Action Spell
Invisibility,
so your attack misses cause
Drummerrilla's invisible!
That's bananas!
One more gorilla gag,
and I'm losing it!
It's monkey business!
(Smiley)
Wow! Once again,
Yuya took action
with an Action Card
to save himself!
Fine!
I'll just go with
plan B!
"B" as in
"bad for you"!
I'm tributing
my two samurai spirits
to summon Daibak!
(roaring)
Now another candle
lights up!
And that means
your chances of winning
are going up
in flames!
(Smiley)
Uh‐oh! What will
Yuya do now?
There's not much
that Yuya can do!
So then,
why is he smiling?
Wipe off that grin!
Don't you see
you're about to lose?
Sorry, Sylvio,
it's just...
The crowd's
so pumped up!
So what?
So that's what
this is all about!
Giving them
a good show!
Entertaining them with
everything we've got!
It's what matters most.
And I know I'll do all I can
to wow this crowd.
That's the reason
that I'm smiling.
Well, that smile won't be
sticking around for long!
You'll soon realize that
it's gonna be curtains for you
and that
I'm the better duelist!
Not quite.
You might think
you're the better duelist,
but I know that I'm the best!
Doubt it, 'cause
you're going down right now!
Daibak, go!
Attack Drummerilla!
(roaring)
Not happening!
Drummerilla's
special ability activates,
so he gains
600 attack points!
It won't save him,
but it will save me
some life points!
Sorry, Drummerilla,
but for now,
hang out
in my Extra Deck.
Oh, my! Yuya's barely
hanging on to his life points,
and this crowd is barely
keeping it together!
Oh, man! It doesn't get
any better than this!
Oh, boy!
This is too good!
You know, I think
these two are really
raising
each other's games.
Yeah! Now it's just
who wants it more!
I end my turn!
But this time,
my Daibak gets to stick around
and hound you
some more!
I have to admit,
I've never seen
Sylvio duel
so well before.
He's playing with
a sound strategy,
clever card combos,
and top notch tactics.
Mm‐hmm.
If he can keep it up,
he'll win this duel
for sure.
So does that mean
his head'll get even bigger?
(all)
Let's not think about it.
Yuya, you can't let
Sylvio have all the fun!
Let's see you
Pendulum Summon!
It might be close
to impossible,
but if anyone can
swing it, you can!
Pendulum! Pendulum!
Okay, it's your time
to shine.
Huh?
Go ahead, Yuya.
If you really are
the star you say you are,
prove it now.
Everyone's watching.
They are.
Aw, what's wrong?
Feeling
stage fright now?
No chance!
Ladies, gentlemen,
duelists of all ages,
as you can see,
there are no cards left
on my field,
and I have no cards
in my hand either.
That means that everything is
riding on this very next draw,
and if that's
not dueltainment,
well then,
I guess I don't know what is!
Draw!
All right!
Time to give
this crowd
a finale that they'll
never ever forget!
Check it out!
I'm allowed to
activate this card
when it's
the only card I have!
Here goes!
It's a spell called
Magician Manipulation!
I get to draw a card for
every card on your field.
You have five on
the field, Sylvio.
So that means
I draw five!
All right,
let's see!
I drew Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon,
Turn Toad,
Timegazer Magician,
Trump Witch,
and Skeeter Skimmer!
(cheering)
He did it,
he found a way!
(all)
Yuya! Go for it!
I'll use Scale 4
Trump Witch
and Scale 8
Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
(Smiley)
Oh, dear!
Talk about
a major swing in momentum!
And a Pendulum swing
to boot!
This star's
about to shine!
I'm allowed to summon
monsters
from Level 5 through 7,
all at the same time!
Back and forth,
to and fro!
What's coming next,
you'll all soon know!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Drum to it,
Performapal Drummerilla!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
(Smiley)
Absolutely amazing!
Both duelists now have
their most menacing
monsters out!
Attack, Yuya,
I dare you!
Sure! Odd‐Eyes,
get set to strike!
Attack Daibak!
Fool!
My monster is stronger!
Not for long,
Sylvio!
I activate
Drummerilla's ability!
Odd‐Eyes gains
600 attack points
for this battle!
Daibak has been
destroyed,
and thanks to Odd‐Eyes'
special ability,
you take double
the damage!
I don't think so,
Yuya!
Daibak's not
going anywhere,
thanks to Yosenju Shinchu L's
special ability!
(Smiley)
That pillar prevented Daiback
from being permanently
posterized!
That was a smart play
by Sylvio.
Both these guys are
playing out of their minds!
This is so good
I can't watch!
Great duel!
Wish you both
could win today.
But both of us can't!
True!
So maybe it's time
we settle who's number one!
I activate Performapal Trump
Witch's Pendulum ability,
and, boy, is it gonna
swing the duel my way
'cause Trump Witch's
ability lets me
fuse my monsters
together!
Say wha...?
Fusion Summon?
During battle?
I don't like
the sound of this!
Now by fusing
the raw strength
of one monster
with the ferocity
of another...
I'm... Then...
Going...
To...
Fusion Summon!
Look to the skies
and feast your eyes
on Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
This is unheard of.
He Fusion Summoned
using Pendulum Monsters!
Yes, he's figuring out how
to maximize his Pendulum powers.
But can he win?
(Smiley)
Only one will walk away
the victor.
Who will it be?
(Smiley)
What a high‐stakes
stand off!
Both monsters have
3,000 attack points!
Let's go! Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon attack Daibak!
(Smiley)
Now both duelists are
diving for Action Cards!
(roaring)
Whoa, both monsters
got blasted!
I play the Action Spell
Burning Barrel!
Since I destroyed your
Beast‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
you take damage equal to
half its attack points,
and that means
you lose!
Look out!
What in the world?
Yuya somehow swapped
his damage for fireworks!
So pretty!
What a show!
You may have gotten
an Action Card,
but I got one too!
Miracle protected
my monster!
So Beast‐Eyes is safe,
but yours is history!
No way...
This can't be!
And there's more.
Now Beast‐Eyes' special
ability activates!
Since I used Drummerilla
to Fusion Summon Beast‐Eyes,
and since Beast‐Eyes
destroyed your monster,
you take damage equal
to Drummerilla's
attack points.
So that's 1,600 points
of damage coming your way!
Aah!
(Smiley)
And there you have it!
Our winner by way
of a well‐timed drumming.
Yuya Sakaki!
(all)
Yeah, Yuya!
(groaning)
You okay?
(applause)
Yeah!
Way to go!
What a duel!
Awesome!
We're a big hit!
Thanks!
Our score is settled,
'til next time.
Sounds good! Thanks
for the great match!
(thinking)
After all, it brought out
the very best in me,
and if I'm going to ever get
to my Dad's level of dueling,
my best is exactly
what it's gonna take!
Retrieve those
Pendulum Cards
and bring them back here
for analysis.
Sylvio's out
of the tournament.
It's not like
he needs them anymore.
Understood.
♪